Which of the output things are the most useful?
We have several options here.
Option 1, console, Option 2,
memory, and Option 3, an actual file.
In real-world applications, anything that requires
streaming application receives anywhere from millions to trillions of records per day.
Realistically, you'd want to save your output to some database.
Usually, Hadoop file system, or on-premise,
or cloud storage so that you can always retrieve
your data and metadata due to the amount of data you will be getting.
Saving anything to console or memory will be volatile.
In memory might be useful for a couple of hours or a day
at max but again this will eat up your resources and
you'll have to think about the cost to keep this in-memory table
alive and if it is ever useful to keep this in-memory table alive.
You probably will need to create more than one table as well.
The usefulness of output sync is to support
pipeline fault tolerance by saving output to a stable destination.
Having console or memory is useful to debug,
also to quickly view on sample amount of data,
but to keep default tolerant,
make sure we save it out to a stable destination.